
INGREDIENTS (To Make 2)
Metric
Imperial
Okonomiyaki Flour	100g	1 cup
Water (or Chicken stock)
160ml 
2/3 cup
Eggs (or Egg substitute)
2 (or 120ml)	2 (or 1/2 cup)
Cabbage, cut into 3cm x 2-3ml strips	300g	4 cups
Green Onions, thinly sliced diagonally
2 stalks	2 stalks
Tenkasu (Tempura bits)	30g 
1/4 cup
Bacon, cut into 8cm (3") pieces
6 strips
6 strips
OPTIONAL	

Raw shrimp cut into approx 1cm (1/2") chunks	100g     	1/2 cup
Bonus: Chinese sausage, cut diagonally	1-2 links 
1-2 links
Bonus: Beni Shoga (Pickled Ginger)
30g
1 oz
TOPPINGS	

Kewpie Mayonnaise 


Okonomi Sauce	 	 
Aonori (Seaweed Flakes)	

Katsuobushi (Bonito Flakes)	




PREPARATION:
1.	In a large bowl, whisk together Okonomiyaki Flour and Water until smooth
2.	Add Eggs, Cabbage, Onions, Tenkasu, Ginger, Shrimp and Sausage and mix, but don't over mix.
3.	Oil a griddle that has been heated to 200C (400F) and add Okonomiyaki mixture divided into two pancakes.
4.	Using a spatula flatten and form pancakes until around 1.5cm (3/4") thick - approximately 30cm (12") across. 
5.	Add Bacon pieces to cover top of each pancake.
6.	After about 3 minutes, flip over pancake (bacon side down) and cook for 4 minutes.
7.	Flip pancake again (bacon side up) and cook for 3 minutes or until firm and well browned.
8.	Remove to plate and drizzle with Kewpie mayonnaise, okonomi sauce and sprinkle with Aonori and Katsuobushi.
9.	Eat quickly before someone near you takes your portion.


Read more: http://okonomiyakiworld.com/best-okonomiyaki-recipe.html#ixzz4bqMFAydE


Recipe Notes:
- If you do not have all of the ingredients above, don't worry, you can probably still make Okonomiyaki using a variety of substitute ingredients and by skipping some. See Alternative Batter Receipes below and the Ingredients tab for more information.  
- Also, don't worry about exact measurements, the recipe is very forgiving!     
- Also, remember, Okonomi stands for "what you wish" so you are really open to modifying any of the added ingredients. It's common to add a variety of vegetables, or to substitute or supplement the shrimp with cuttlefish, octopus, squid and other seafood.  
- Chinese sausage is completely non-traditional, but we think it really adds a great flavor and texture.
- If you want to make Negiyaki, just substitute all green onions instead of the cabbage. 
- Click on Shop if you want to buy Okonomiyaki Flour, Okonomi Sauce, or a complete Okonomiyaki Kit.

Read more: http://okonomiyakiworld.com/best-okonomiyaki-recipe.html#ixzz4bqMJiAwQ
